Vice Chancellor
Dr. Hemlata Bagla (Vice Chancellor) is an accomplished academician and a pioneer educationist in strategizing excellence in institutions of higher learning. As the Senior Dean, Science and Technology, HSNC University, Mumbai and the Director of Niranjan Hiranandani School of Real Estate (NHSRE) and the Principal of K. C. College, she is engaged in planning, organizing and executing innovative and state of the art academic and professional courses backed up with her astute administrative experience.

Chancellor
Shri C. P. Radhakrishnan
Chancellor & Governor of Maharashtra
Shri C. P. Radhakrishnan was sworn in as the Governor of Maharashtra on 31st July 2024. Prior to his appointment, he served as the Governor of Jharkhand for nearly one and a half years. He also held additional charge as the Governor of Telangana and the Lt. Governor of Puducherry for brief periods.
With more than four decades experience, Shri Radhakrishnan is a respected name in the polity and public life of Tamil Nadu.
Born on May 4, 1957, in Tiruppur in Tamil Nadu, Shri Radhakrishnan earned a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration. Starting as an RSS Swayamsevak, he became a State Executive Committee Member of the Bharatiya Janasangh in 1974.
In 1996, Shri Radhakrishnan was appointed the Secretary of the BJP in Tamil Nadu. He was elected to the Lok Sabha for the first time from Coimbatore in 1998. He was re- elected to Lok Sabha in 1999.
During his tenure as an MP, he served as Chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee for Textiles. He was also a member of the Parliamentary Committee for Public Sector Undertakings (PSUs) and the Consultative Committee for Finance. He was a member of the Parliamentary Special Committee investigating the Stock Exchange Scam.

Provost
Dr. Niranjan Hiranandani
Provost HSNC University Mumbai
Dr. Niranjan Hiranandani is known as a Co-Founder and MD, Hiranandani Group, who recently started a distinct Business Unit Hiranandani Communities. Currently, he spearheads as the National President for National Real Estate Development Council (NAREDCO), which works under the aegis of Ministry of Housing & Urban Affairs, Government of India and also appointed President of one of the oldest trade body of India - ASSOCHAM (Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry). He is also been conferred with the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in Management with thesis on real estate.

Born in 1950, Dr. Hiranandani, is son of a Padmabhushan honored ENT specialist Dr. L.H. Hiranandani. He did schooling from Campion School, Mumbai and graduated with a Bachelor of Commerce Degree (Hons) with a distinction of standing Second from Mumbai University. He did his F.C.A. from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. He started his career as a chartered accountant professor, and then ventured into the textile business in the late seventies. In 1981, with the establishment of Hiranandani Group he finally embarked his entrepreneurship journey by foraying in to the Indian Real Estate.

He is known as ‘Builder Extra ordinaire’and as the visionary man behind redesigning the skyline of Mumbai. The success journey then began with the development of India’s first ever global mixed-used integrated township ‘Hiranandani Gardens’Powai a landmark real estate project. The group pioneers in developing vibrant community living experience by adapting global best practices. Under his astute leadership the group has set the benchmark in reference to Quality Construction, Precision Engineering, Technology & Innovation, Timely Delivery and Holistic Development. The Group has diversified portfolio with setting up a new business unit for Data Centre (Yotta) and Logistics and Industrial Parks (Greenbase) apart from its presence in Commercial real estate, Education, Healthcare, Hospitality, Infrastructure, and Organised Retail. Displaying extraordinary qualities as developer, as also a perfectionist in terms of quality, brilliance and untiring zest for excellence, the group has spread its footprints in the newer markets like Thane, Panvel, Alibaug, Khandala, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Nashik and Pune to sum up the current developments.

With his profound knowledge, sharp business acumen and an ambitious attitude, he has been conferred with the leadership role across various prominent business organisation and apex chambers by Industry pundits. He has played a leadership and senior advisory roles in various industry bodies Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI); Indian Merchants Chamber (IMC); Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry (FICCI); Confederation of Real Estate Developers’Association of India (CREDAI). He has also been Member of the Study Group on Slum Rehabilitation Scheme, Government of Maharashtra. He has been Convener of the Key Group representing Business Community in the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (HABITATII) as also Member of the Working Group on Urban Housing for the Ninth Five Year Plan.

Accredited as one of the richest Indian developer to an Industry Thought leader, there is much more to his profile. The philanthropist role unveils his charitable social commitment as a responsible citizen of the nation. He is trustee of 17 colleges and 8 schools under Hyderabad (Sind) National Collegiate (HSNC) Board, Provost of the Private University and runs vocational skill center in Mumbai. He is also a trustee for two hospitals and three temples as part of his charity initiatives.

“Passion and Persistence with integral commitment and unwavering efforts is the key to achieve success and scale great heights,” the quote very aptly sums up Dr. Niranjan Hiranandani.


About HSNC Board
Hyderabad (Sind) National Collegiate Board is a 70-year-old educational Trust of Mumbai catering to higher education and school education, providing a holistic platform for teaching, learning, research, sports, culture, community outreach, learning resources, and focused training for careers and employment. Since its inception in 1949, it has produced generations of an educated and skilled workforce which has been at the forefront of national development. Starting with one College in 1948 at Bandra, today, it has 14 Colleges affiliated to the University of Mumbai, 1 selffinanced Institute of Management, and 1 Technical Diploma Institute. These institutes are spread over Colaba, Churchgate, Cuffe Parade, Bandra, Worli and Ulhasnagar, and they stand as proud edifices to the contribution of the H(S)NCB towards distinctive, quality education. In addition, the 9 schools situated at Nana Chowk, Mumbai and Ulhasnagar cater to the education of children from the preprimary to the junior college levels.

The Board caters to more than 45,000 students per year, honing them into professionals capable of contributing their best to industry and society, the human resources of the H(S)NCB include the 3500+ strong workforce. On a modest estimate the HSNC Board has provided higher education to more than 3.5 lakh persons in its 70 year journey.

Mr. Kishu Mansukhani
President
70 Years of Educational Journey & Service to The Nation reads Well and sounds Good in any milieu. However, in the life of an Educational Institute it is good to reflect upon it as the First Leg of a Marathon Race as aiming for Excellence, our avowed objective, is a Marathoner Effort! For me, and our family, the past is indelibly connected with the history of HSNC Board. Besides serving the Board since 1974, and as Trustee for the past 15 years, my familial link witnessed the zeal with which Vidyasagar Khushiram Kundnani searched for and purchased the 2 acre plot of land where our Bandra campus stands today. My uncle, Karamyogi Gangaram Mansukhani, a lifelong supporter of the HSNC Board, toiled and generously acquired the 15 acre land, and invested in the first building, of our CHM campus at Ulhasnagar. My extended family of uncles and aunts have continued to readily contribute to several facilities in HSNCB institutions: colleges, libraries, hostel, laboratories, auditoriums, named after them, in recognition. Our family's desire to serve the interests of HSNCB remains paramount.

Someone rightly said that 'Perfection is Impossible, but if we aim for Perfection, we will achieve Excellence'. Our task ahead, therefore, is to bring about this resolve in all our working ways: the Education we Impart to our Students; the Services we engage in for the Nation; the Mentorship we are charged with Faculties and Staff that are a treasured part of our extended family; the Societal, State and National Obligations we are privileged to fulfil. The Challenge of transitioning of three of our colleges, into the HSNC Cluster University, Mumbai will be a Prime Focus area for the HSNC Board and we are excited to lead this effort.

It is the hope and resolve of our Board that we pursue these aims: some, personified in “Centre of Excellence influencing the future – promoting values, social responsibility, respect for environment and ethics – in our Mission, as we advance towards our next milestone in 2025.

